Late Days Used: 2 --> But I'm still turning it in before any election results are posted.

I began by using ridge regression instead of standard linear regression because it shrinks the estimated coefficients towards zero. This is useful in this election due to the low approval ratings of both candidates, which results in higher support for third party candidates like Gary Johnson. By shrinking the republican coefficients slightly, it helps take into account the stronger independent support, which wasn't observed in the 2012 election results.

In addition to using ridge regression, I limited the test and training data to only use polls with greater than or equal to 250 observations. Statistically, polls with a greater number of participants tend to be more representative of the state's population than ones with a small number. I would like to have raised the number of observations a bit, but I found that doing so made the predictions in smaller states less accurate since they were limited to fewer polls than states with larger populations.

For the 2012 training data, I added an additional parameter requiring that the margin of error could be no greater than 3. In doing so, I trained on data that was more likely to be correct. I didn't want to shrink the MOE beyond this, however, because I wanted to avoid overfitting the 2012 data.

Using the above methods, I was able to make fairly accurate predictions for most states (determined by how closely my results matched those of many other mainstream election prediction models such as fivethirtyeight.com. I should note that I just used them as guides, I did not use any of their data in my model). However, Utah and Washington, D.C. have some important variables this election that were not present in 2012. In Utah, for example, Evan McMullin's third party candidacy is getting such strong support that my model is drastically overestimating the number of votes Donald Trump is likely to get in the state. In Washington, D.C., Trump is getting an even smaller share of the vote due to him being such a "Washington outsider", something else by model does not take into account.

Given more time and resources, I would have liked to have implemented the above two variables as well as other possible voting features such as poverty, education level, religion, age, ethnicity, and the approval rating of the current president. These, however, are implicitly included in polls, so they are far less important when poll data is provided.